feat(Docs): Added/updated info about our hero and sidekick (#16077)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/agile-handbook/heroing/what-is-a-hero.mdx

---
title: "What is a hero? What is a sidekick?"
template: basicDoc
topics:
  - Docs agile handbook
freshnessValidatedDate: 2024-02-06
---

"Hero" is a common term across New Relic for a dedicated, interruptible person who acts as an interface for a team. When you're a docs hero, you're the face of the team.

> We have two heroes at any given time: the GitHub/Slack hero (for issues and pull requests and for questions through Slack). Our second hero we call the sidekick, who handles customer feedback coming in. Every hero's job is to keep things moving for Relics and users. We change hero and a sidekick once a week (we used to do daily shifts, but we've found the daily cadence to be too disruptive and lead to work that bleeds over to the next day).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have two rotating roles at any given time: 

* The Hero handles Slack questions, reviews pull requests, and triages GitHub issues
* The CSAT Sidekick handles customer feedback coming in through Jira. 

Both roles are here to keep things moving for Relics and users. and to buffer the rest of the team from interrupts. We change hero and a sidekick once a week (we used to do daily shifts, but we've found the daily cadence to be too disruptive and lead to work that bleeds over to the next day).
```

---
title: "What is a hero? What is a sidekick?"
template: basicDoc
topics:
  - Docs agile handbook
freshnessValidatedDate: 2024-02-06
---

"Hero" is a common term across New Relic for a dedicated, interruptible person who acts as an interface for a team. When you're a docs hero, you're the face of the team.

We have two rotating roles at any given time: 

* The Hero handles Slack questions, reviews pull requests, and triages GitHub issues
* The CSAT Sidekick handles customer feedback coming in through Jira. 

> Both roles are here to keep things moving for Relics and users. and to buffer the rest of the team from interrupts. We change hero and a sidekick once a week (we used to do daily shifts, but we've found the daily cadence to be too disruptive and lead to work that bleeds over to the next day).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both roles are here to keep docs requests moving for Relics and users, and to give the team a buffer from interruptions. We change hero and a sidekick once a week (we used to do daily shifts, but we've found the daily cadence to be too disruptive and lead to work that bleeds over to the next day).
```

Reviewer 2: I might consider editing the last parens to just describe how we do it currently. Something like "We currently use weekly hero shifts to mitigate work that bleeds into the next day, leading to smaller tasks to fall through the cracks."

* **Questions about things we don't own (blog, API Explorer, newrelic.com, etc)**. Help them out by directing them to the appropriate Slack channel. (For a list of properties and their owner, see _Who owns the other wesbites?_ in Google Docs.) If you can't figure out who owns it, try asking the writing team in Slack.

## Second-shift hero support [#emea_support]

Our Europe writers cover the 2nd shift heroing during their regular working hours. Unlike the US-based heroes, our Barcelona writers hero for an entire two-week sprint. Second-shift heroes cover both GitHub and Slack, but we don't expect that second-shift heroes will field every single request that comes in during their working hours since they're also carrying standard sprint duties during their hero shift.

<Callout variant="important">
For writers in Europe:

- Route incoming issues to the liaison as you have time. As writers in Europe are "eternal heroes" it isn’t fair to have you do this every day.
- You should still triage issues routed to you from your liaisonships once per day.
 </Callout>

> ## Customer feedback sidekick [#cf_sidekick]

Reviewer: I think this section could use a bit of discussion on three things:

1. Why customer feedback matters and why we dedicate time to it
2. Why the sidekick is the way we do it
3. How we undertake larger quality projects taht look at _all_ feedback for an area, including feedback closed. (Meaning even feedback that's insta-closed isn't wasted.)

Author: Valid!

> Customer feedback from our docs site creates tickets in Jira. It's the sidekick's responsibility to look at every ticket that comes in (usually about 5-10 per day) and make decisions about each one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customer feedback from our docs site creates tickets in Jira. It's the sidekick's responsibility to look at every ticket that comes in (usually about 5–10 per day) and make decisions about each one.
```

Reviewer: 🧌

We have three options for these tickets:

1. Close it.
2. Fix it.
3. Backlog it.

<Callout variant="important">
Unlike the hero, we don't take any points out of our sprint for the sidekick work. If you're spending more than 60 minutes per day on customer feedback tickets, that's too much time! Please let your manager know.
 </Callout>

### Close customer feedback

> Most customer feedback that comes in isn't actionable, either because it verges on nonsense or because the feedback is too non-specific to act on.

Reviewer: I think this is a little too blithe/dismissive of the value. We should emphasize the value of feedback but talk about the operations we create to make it manageble and meaningful

Author: Fair

For example:

`These docs are bad.`

or 

`I can't log in to Netflix.`

Follow this process to close these:

1. Add a category label based on the URL, such as `doc_apm` or `doc_errors-inbox`.
2. Set the Workflow status to **Closed** 
3. Set the Resolution to **Cannot Reproduce**, **Filed by Mistake**, or **Won't Do** depending on what feels most appropriate.
4. Add a brief note about why you closed it. Usually, "Not actionable" is plenty.

### Fix customer feedback

Sometimes, though rarely, a customer feedback ticket comes in that's highly actionable and is a quick fix, such as a broken link or an outdated image. 

Follow this process to close these:

1. Create a PR to address the issue.
2. Add a category label based on the URL, such as `doc_apm` or `doc_errors-inbox`.
3. Set the Workflow status to **Closed** 
4. Set the Resolution to **Done**.
5. Add a link to the PR.

> 6. Work the PR to its merge at your leisure.

Reviewer: I don't think we should close the ticket until the PR is merged, if it's actively being worked. I think that encourages hidden work in a way I don't love.

Author: @austin-schaefer Strong disagree on this one. How many PR's does our team open and then not close? My biggest worry about the customer feedback tickets is that they become this gloomy cloud hanging over everyone. In my view, if a PR is opened, the customer feedback ticket should be closed. 

We can easily link from the customer feedback ticket to the PR, but we can't go the other way, because of security concerns. It adds more toil than it's worth, in my view, to add that unnecessary delay to closing these customer feedback tickets. I think we need to stop treating and thinking about customer feedback tickets as special, holy objects that we treat with veneration.

Reviewer: I like your gloomy cloud analogy, but for me the gloomy cloud is there even if the ticket is nominally closed. If someone is doing shadow-work on a PR, or letting a PR languish, on a nominally closed Jira, then we've simply reduced our ability to help/see what's going on. If the CF is still open and, say, sitting in on-deck, we get an automatic forcing function to ensure the related work gets chased down or cancelled.

Author: I've updated the procedure so that we're only closing Jira tickets once the PR is merged in.

### Backlog customer feedback

> Our goal is to never have more than 13 customer feedback tickets in our backlog. If you're adding number 14, please check the other tickets to see if there's an old one that you can close or add to a sprint. 

Reviewer: I don't think this 13 should be this firm FWIW. Perhaps get into the logic more?

> We try not to have more than 4–6 weeks of customer feedback tickets open. In practice, that means around 13 tickets in our backlog total...

or similar

Author: @austin-schaefer I think we need to set an upper bound on how many customer feedback tickets we have in our backlog. It's completely arbitrary, of course. I think setting a hard number provides helpful clarity. But I'm extremely agnostic on what number we pick. I do think it's good to live in reality though. Is it realistic to think we'll ever meaningfully address 50 customer feedback tickets? I don't think so. What's a number that we could meaningfully address in the short term? 5-15 I'd say, depending on how much we want to prioritize this work over other work.

Author: It's hard to gauge though, right? My sense of things right now is that our team capacity is 5-15 customer feedback tickets, depending on the scope of each of those tickets

Author: I've tried to describe this in a more general way that I think gets at what I tried to achieve with the specific numbers.

Whether or not to add a piece of customer feedback to our backlog is the trickiest question to answer. Sometimes a comment is quite valid, but the scope of the work required to address it isn't something our team can commit to right now. Sometimes a comment requires technological knowledge that we don't have (sometimes no one at New Relic has!). Sometimes a doc simply doesn't get enough traffic to warrant fixing a problem right away.

> If you're not sure whether a ticket belongs in our backlog, ask your manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're not sure whether a ticket belongs in our backlog, ask your manager or put it into the On Deck sprint to ensure it doesn't fall through the cracks.
```

Customer feedback from our docs site creates tickets in Jira. It's the sidekick's responsibility to look at every ticket that comes in (usually about 5–10 per day) and make decisions about each one.

We have three options for these tickets:

1. Close it.
2. Fix it.
3. Backlog it.

<Callout variant="important">
Unlike the hero, we don't take any points out of our sprint for the sidekick work. If you're spending more than 60 minutes per day on customer feedback tickets, that's too much time! Please let your manager know.
 </Callout>

### Close customer feedback

Many pieces of customer feedback simply aren't actionable. That's ok! Even if we can't act on a specific piece of feedback, we can use this feedback in aggregate to get an overall sense of how our docs site or a specific category of our docs site is landing with our readers.

Here are some fictional examples of feedback we might not be able to take action on specifically:

`These docs are bad.`

or 

> `Help!`

Reviewer 2: `help me obi-docs kenobi.......`

> There's also feedback that falls into the category of nonsense or mistakes.

Author: Valid!

Follow this process to close tickets that aren't actionable or don't make sense:

1. Add a category label based on the URL, such as `doc_apm` or `doc_errors-inbox`.
2. Set the Workflow status to **Closed** 
3. Set the Resolution to **Cannot Reproduce**, **Filed by Mistake**, or **Won't Do** depending on what feels most appropriate.
4. Add a brief note about why you closed it. Usually, "Not actionable" is plenty.

> ### Fix customer feedback

Reviewer 2: i think because we have a time limit (no more than >1hr for ALL tickets per day), we should either allot more time to address quick fixes, or come up with a firmer definition of what a quick fix is. For example, do we consider it a "quick fix" even if we have to reach out to a SME? Is it a quick fix only if we don't need to reach out to a SME? I made 1 fix this week as sidekick because it was a "quick message" over slack, then updating the doc itself with the example. That was about ~15 minutes of work that was p easy, but it was still *time*. maybe I'm getting too in the weeds

Reviewer 2: alternative examples: are quick fixes only *language* in nature, or broken links? What about feedback that's on a low traffic doc, but there's a possibility that the content on a doc is flat out wrong or out of date? This will get hammered out I'm sure but these are the questions that i've encountered this wk, so i'm riffing

Author: My general sense, based on what I've seen so far, is that needing to reach out to a SME almost never leads to a quick fix. I've added some guidance around this.

Sometimes, though rarely, a customer feedback ticket comes in that's highly actionable and is a quick fix, such as a broken link or an outdated image. 

Follow this process to close these:

1. Create a PR to address the issue.

> 1. Add a category label based on the URL, such as `doc_apm` or `doc_errors-inbox`.

Reviewer 2: Is there a way we can describe this? I see it as taking the first "clause" (?) of a URl that follows the `/docs/` part of the URL. Something like "Add a category label based on the URL, which will generally be whatever category follows the /docs/ part of the URL" (but better and more cogent maybe.)

Author: Good call!

1. Set the Jira ticket Workflow status to **Closed** 
1. Set the Jira ticket Resolution to **Done**.

### Backlog customer feedback

Too many ticket backlogs have a larger quantity of tickets than can ever be meaningfully addressed. Our goal is to get our customer feedback backlog down to a small enough number that we can meaningfully and reasonably address them in a few sprints based on our current headcount and capacity. Because of this, we need to set a pretty high bar for adding a ticket to our backlog.

Sometimes a piece of customer feedback is quite valid, but the scope of the work required to address it isn't something our team can't commit to right now. Sometimes a comment requires technological knowledge that we don't have. Sometimes a doc simply doesn't get enough traffic to warrant fixing a problem right away.

If you're not sure whether a ticket belongs in our backlog, ask your manager or put it into the On Deck sprint to ensure it doesn't fall through the cracks.

Use this process to put a ticket in the backlog:

1. Write a user story.
2. Write acceptance criteria.
3. Write loose action items.
4. Add any other detail about what you've learned.

> 5. **Move** the ticket from the Customer Feedback to Story ticket type.

Reviewer 2: Is it worth documenting the kind of opaque process for converting a feedback ticket into a story ticket?

Author: Probably not worth documenting? I'm willing to be wrong about this though!
